feat(lib): Add List item component (#3618)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/src/content/docs/components/items.mdx

          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="card-body border-default border-thin border-top"><a class="stretched-link" href="#navigation-list-item">Navigation item</a> is a UI element that displays a unit of information and allows users to navigate.</div>
    </div>
  </li>
</ul>

For the two types of items, OUDS Web has a common base `.item`, and `.item-main` classes that set up default styles such as padding and content alignment. The `.item` class is intended to be used in conjunction with our item variants, or to serve as a basis for your own custom styles. The most basic item is the `.item-navigation` variant.

<Example showToolbar={false} code={`<div class="item-wrapper">
    <div class="item">
      <div class="item-main">
        <div class="item-text-container">
          <p class="item-label">Label</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>`} />

<Example showToolbar={false} code={`<div class="item-wrapper item-navigation">
    <div class="item">
      <div class="item-main">
        <div class="item-text-container">
          <a href="#" class="item-label item-interactive">Label</a>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>`} />

> ### Approach

Reviewer: I feel like most of this paragraph could be better represented in a table I will try to come up with something

Reviewer: Tried something

Add an `.item-navigation` on the `.item` level and an `.item-interactive` at the link level.

Available variants can be found in the [common variants section](#common-variants) and [navigation items variants section](#navigation-items-variants).

<Example buttonLabel="standard navigation list item display" class="d-flex flex-column gap-medium" code={`<ul class="item-list">
    <li class="item item-navigation">
      <div class="item-container">
        <div class="item-content">
          <div class="item-text-container">
            <a href="#" class="item-label item-interactive">Label</a>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </li>
    <li class="item item-navigation">
      <div class="item-container">
        <div class="item-content">
          <div class="item-text-container">
            <a href="#" class="item-label item-interactive">Label</a>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </li>
  </ul>`} />

## Common variants

These variants can be used in all types of items.

### With asset

The main container `.item-content` of an item can contain up to 3 elements. They always appear in the following order:

> 1. [Leading container](#leading-container) using `.item-leading-container` (optional)

Reviewer 2: I understand the `(optional)` as "the class is optional and can be ommited" whereas it is the element that is optional. Maybe we could move the (optional) after the element name rather than the class name ?

```suggestion
1. [Leading container](#leading-container) (optional) using `.item-leading-container`
```

    <div class="item-container">
      <div class="item-content">
        <div class="item-text-container">
          <p class="item-overline" id="accessible-item-overline">Overline</p>
          <a href="#" class="item-label item-interactive" aria-describedby="accessible-item-overline accessible-item-extra-label accessible-item-description">Label</a>
          <p class="item-extra-label" id="accessible-item-extra-label">Extra label</p>
          <p class="item-description" id="accessible-item-description">Description</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>`} />

Make sure that every text is wrapped inside a semantic element, adapted to its context of use such as `<p>` or `<h*>`.

For every item, the vocalization order of the item should be worked on.

## Card items

Card item is a UI element that displays a unit of information either in an interactive or non-interactive card, within a card layout or independently.

### [[comp]] Static card item

Static card item is a UI element that displays a unit of information in a non-interactive, self-contained card, that does not navigate, trigger actions or have interactive states.

> The static card item card may be displayed independently or within a card-based layout. It can include supporting text, leading or trailing content, and status information.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The static card item may be displayed independently or within a card-based layout. It can include supporting text, leading or trailing content, and status information.
```

When additional navigation is required, consider using a [navigation card item](#navigation-card-item) instead.

> All the available variants can be found in the [common variants](#common-variants).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
All the available variants can be found in the [common variants section](#common-variants).
```

<Example buttonLabel="standard static card item display" class="d-flex flex-column gap-medium" code={`
  <div class="item">
    <div class="item-container">
      <div class="item-content">
        <div class="item-text-container">
          <p class="item-label">Label</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>`} />

### [[comp]] Navigation card item

Navigation card item is a UI element that displays a unit of information in an interactive, self-contained card, taking users to an internal or external destination.

The navigation card item is used when the content requires stronger visual grouping or prominence than a standard [navigation list item](#navigation-list-item). It may be displayed independently or within a card-based layout. Each card acts as a single navigation target and supports the necessary hover, pressed, and keyboard focus states.

> Add a `.item-navigation` on the `.item` level and an `.item-interactive` at the link level to create a navigation card item.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Add an `.item-navigation` on the `.item` level and an `.item-interactive` at the link level to create a navigation card item.
```

Available variants can be found in the [common variants section](#common-variants) and [navigation items variants section](#navigation-items-variants).

<Example buttonLabel="standard navigation card item display" class="d-flex flex-column gap-medium" code={`<div class="item item-navigation">
    <div class="item-container">
      <div class="item-content">
        <div class="item-text-container">
          <a href="#" class="item-label item-interactive">Label</a>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>`} />

## List items

List item is a UI element that displays a unit of information either in an interactive or non-interactive row, within a structured list.

> They are surrounded by `.item-list` added to the `<ul>` element.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It is surrounded by `.item-list` added to the `<ul>` element.
```

Some variants shouldn't be applied to this kind of items. Warning will be done about it in:
- [Outlined](#outlined) variants
<BrandSpecific brand={['orange', 'orange-compact']}>
- [Rounded](#rounded-corners) variant
</BrandSpecific>

### [[comp]] Static list item

Static list item is a UI element that displays a unit of information in a non-interactive horizontal row within a structured list, and does not navigate, trigger actions, or have interactive states.

> The static list item allow quick scanning and comparison of related items. It can include supporting text, leading or trailing content, and status information.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The static list item allows quick scanning and comparison of related items. It can include supporting text, leading or trailing content, and status information.
```

    <Example buttonLabel="item with trailing slot" class="d-flex flex-column gap-medium" code={`<div class="item">
    <div class="item-container">
      <div class="item-content">
        <div class="item-text-container">
          <p class="item-label">Label</p>
        </div>
        <div class="item-trailing-container item-slot">
          <button class="btn btn-strong">Slot</button>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>`} />
  </AssetsTab>
</AssetsNavTab>

#### Slots

This component contains many slots that can be used to add custom content. The main slots are located in the [leading container](#leading-container), the [text container](#texts), and the [trailing container](#trailing-container). The slots are intended to be used for custom content that is not covered by the other elements of the component. We can add another slot outside of the `.item-content` container as well.

<Callout type="warning" title="Small item">
  The slots shouldn't be used in a [small item](#sizes).
</Callout>

> Here is a small resume of the slots that can be used in an item:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here is a small summary of the slots that can be used in an item:
```

<Example buttonLabel="items with no divider" class="d-flex flex-column gap-medium" code={`<!-- Card -->
  <div class="item item-no-divider">
    <div class="item-container">
      <div class="item-content">
        <div class="item-text-container">
          <p class="item-label">Label</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>

  <!-- List -->
  <ul class="item-list item-no-divider">
    <li class="item">
      <div class="item-container">
        <div class="item-content">
          <div class="item-text-container">
            <p class="item-label">Label</p>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </li>
    <li class="item item-navigation">
      <div class="item-container">
        <div class="item-content">
          <div class="item-text-container">
            <a href="#" class="item-label item-interactive">Label</a>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </li>
  </ul>`} />

### Outlined

<Callout type="warning" title="Card item only" action="Card item" actionHref="#card-items">
  Since the [list items](#list-items) are sticked, this variant should only be used on [card items](#card-items).
</Callout>

> By default every item comes with a divider. The divider may be removed or transformed into an outline using `.item-outlined` and/or `.item-no-outline` on the element `.item` or any ancestors. `.item-no-divider` can also be applied for another rendering.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default every item comes with a divider. The divider may be removed or transformed into an outline using `.item-outlined` and/or `.item-no-outline` on the `.item` element or any ancestors. `.item-no-divider` can also be applied for another rendering.
```

</Callout>

<Callout type="info">
  [Items in a list](#list-items) won't have rounded corners even using this class.
</Callout>

<Example buttonLabel="rounded items" class="bd-btn-example" code={`<div class="use-rounded-corner-items">
    <!-- Card -->
    <div class="item mb-medium">
      <div class="item-container">
        <div class="item-content">
          <div class="item-text-container">
            <p class="item-label">Label</p>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>

    <!-- List -->
    <ul class="item-list">
      <li class="item">
        <div class="item-container">
          <div class="item-content">
            <div class="item-text-container">
              <p class="item-label">Label</p>
            </div>
          </div>
        </div>
      </li>
      <li class="item">
        <div class="item-container">
          <div class="item-content">
            <div class="item-text-container">
              <p class="item-label">Label</p>
            </div>
          </div>
        </div>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </div>`} />
</BrandSpecific>

### States

#### Disabled

> Items can be disabled by using `.disabled` on the element `.item` or any ancestors.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Items can be disabled by using `.disabled` on the `.item` element or any ancestors.
```

          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>

    <div class="item">
      <div class="item-container item-no-bg">
        <div class="item-content">
          <div class="item-leading-container item-slot">
            <!-- Disabled via its attribute -->
            <button class="btn btn-strong" disabled>Slot</button>
          </div>
          <div class="item-text-container">
            <p class="item-label">Label</p>
            <p class="item-extra-label">Extra label</p>
          </div>
          <div class="item-trailing-container">
            <!-- Disabled via its style -->
            <p class="tag">Tag</p>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>`} />

#### Skeleton

<SkeletonRedirect component="item" />

<Example buttonLabel="item skeleton" class="d-flex flex-column gap-medium" code={`<div aria-busy="true" inert>
    <div class="item">
      <div class="item-container">
        <div class="item-content">
          <div class="item-text-container">
            <p class="item-label">Label</p>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>`} />

### Sizes

> By default every item comes with a default size. The size can be adapted using `.item-small` on the element `.item` or `.item-list`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default every item comes with a default size. The size can be adapted using `.item-small` on the `.item` or `.item-list` element.
```

</Callout>

<Example buttonLabel="navigation card item with external link" class="d-flex flex-column gap-medium" code={`<div class="item item-navigation item-external">
    <div class="item-container">
      <div class="item-content">
        <div class="item-text-container">
          <a href="#" target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="item-label item-interactive">Label<span class="visually-hidden">&nbsp;(external link, new window)</span></a>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="item item-navigation item-external">
    <div class="item-container">
      <div class="item-content">
        <div class="item-text-container">
          <a href="#" class="item-label item-interactive">Label (external link)</a>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>`} />

### Wrapping link

Optionally, the `<a>` element can wrap the entire `.item-container` instead of just the label.

<Callout type="info" title="Accessibility">
  Screen readers will read the entire item as a link. You can use the `.visually-hidden` text to provide additional context if needed. You won't need any `[aria-describedby]` as stated in our [accessibility section](#accessibility).

>   Avoid to use any interactive elements inside the item when using this variant, as it will create nested interactive elements which is not valid HTML and can cause accessibility issues.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Avoid using any interactive elements inside the item when using this variant, as it will create nested interactive elements which is not valid HTML and can cause accessibility issues.
```

### Approach

There are 2 main categories inside the items group of components:
- [Card items](#card-items) are single items that can be used as standalone components.
- [List items](#list-items) are designed to be used within a list, allowing multiple items to be displayed together.

Inside these categories, there are 2 sub-categories:
- Navigation items, which allow navigation.
- Static items, which are not interactive.

The following table summarizes the different types of items and their categories.

<BsTable>
  | Categories     | Card                 | List                 |
  | -------------- | -------------------- | -------------------- |
  | *Static*       | [Static card item](#static-card-item)     | [Static list item](#static-list-item)     |
  | *Navigation*   | [Navigation card item](#navigation-card-item) | [Navigation list item](#navigation-list-item) |

> </BsTable>

Reviewer 4: Ins't it redundant with the text just above?

Author: It's an aggregation indeed, I may remove it if needed

### [[comp]] Static card item

Static card item is a UI element that displays a unit of information in a non-interactive, self-contained card, that does not navigate, trigger actions or have interactive states.

The static card item card may be displayed independently or within a card-based layout. It can include supporting text, leading or trailing content, and status information.

When additional navigation is required, consider using a [navigation card item](#navigation-card-item) instead.

All the available variants can be found in the [common variants](#common-variants).

<Example buttonLabel="standard static card item display" class="d-flex flex-column gap-medium" code={`
  <div class="item-wrapper">
    <div class="item">
      <div class="item-main">
        <div class="item-text-container">
          <p class="item-label">Label</p>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>`} />

### [[comp]] Navigation card item

Navigation card item is a UI element that displays a unit of information in an interactive, self-contained card, taking users to an internal or external destination.

> The navigation card item is used when the content requires stronger visual grouping or prominence than a standard [navigation list item](#navigation-list-item). It may be displayed independently or within a card-based layout. Each card acts as a single navigation target and supports the necessary hover, pressed, and keyboard focus states.

Reviewer 4: I did not understand this phrase... I thought navigation card item was for single usage whereas navigation list item was for a list?

Author: It's a sentence from the design, it's the case and I think it is what is said no ?

      <div class="item">
        <div class="item-main">
          <div class="item-text-container">
            <a href="#" class="item-label item-interactive">Label</a>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </li>
    <li class="item-wrapper item-navigation">
      <div class="item">
        <div class="item-main">
          <div class="item-text-container">
            <a href="#" class="item-label item-interactive">Label</a>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </li>
  </ul>`} />

## Common variants

These variants can be used in all types of items.

### With asset

The main container `.item-main` of an item can contain up to 3 elements. They always appear in the following order:
1. [Leading container](#leading-container) using `.item-leading-container` (optional)
2. [Text container](#texts) using `.item-text-container` (required)
3. [Trailing container](#trailing-container) using `.item-trailing-container` (optional)

#### Leading container

The leading container uses `.item-leading-container`.

Here is a list of the different assets that we support in the leading container, along with their corresponding classes and notes.

> You can navigate through the different assets using the tabs below.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You can navigate through the different assets using the filters below.
```

Author: I think they are tabs 🤔

        <div class="item-main">
          <div class="item-leading-container item-slot">
            <!-- Disabled via its attribute -->
            <button class="btn btn-strong" disabled>Slot</button>
          </div>
          <div class="item-text-container">
            <p class="item-label">Label</p>
            <p class="item-extra-label">Extra label</p>
          </div>
          <div class="item-trailing-container">
            <!-- Disabled via its style -->
            <p class="tag">Tag</p>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>`} />

#### Skeleton

<SkeletonRedirect component="item" />

<Example buttonLabel="item skeleton" class="d-flex flex-column gap-medium" code={`<div aria-busy="true" inert>
    <div class="item-wrapper">
      <div class="item">
        <div class="item-main">
          <div class="item-text-container">
            <p class="item-label">Label</p>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>`} />

### Sizes

By default every item comes with a default size. The size can be adapted using `.item-small` on the element `.item-wrapper` or `.item-list`.

<Callout type="warning">

>   The small size come with some restrictions:

Reviewer 2: we use "should" in this list, but since it is forbidden may be we must use can/must (in the negative form when needed)

>   * The assets within the [leading container](#leading-container) and the [trailing container](#trailing-container) not being components shouldn't use any size classes

Reviewer 2: I find this sentence a bit difficult to understand. If slot are forbiden, then we shouldn't have any component. So we can say that "The assets within the leading and trailing containers, should not use any size classes." ?

Author: Tried something
